take us round bring it down
Canisius has landed good morning I am
Meredith Vickers and it's my job to make
sure you do yours okay then on with the
show these are images of archaeological
digs all over the earth ancient
civilizations that shared no contact and
yet the same pictogram in every last one
it's a star map
no not am i an invitation for moon
that's amaura and you do find these
beams down there
you won't engage them you won't talk to
them I'll do nothing I report back to me
miss Vickers is there an agenda that
you're not telling us about
how far would you go to get your answers
look at this
previous all you saying this they were
right
you want him to be wrong rape here's the
ground per women James picked up a lot
of full she's got a pin but what are you
gonna pay you're going down there are
you going to die I'll changing changing
into what ship leaving to go away
this they were so wrong take those home
we don't stop to go back to
you